## jQuery ValidatorThis is a jQuery form validator. It will automatically validate the form when one of the required inputs are updated. It will also set classes on the input field based on the validation result so you can style the field accordingly.### Requirements* jquery 1.7+### How to useInclude both jQuery and this Javascript file before initializing the validation.```html<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.11.3/jquery.min.js"></script><script src="jquery.validator.js"></script>```Initialize the plugin on the form of your choice```javascript$('form').validator();```For each field you want to be validated you need to add the attribute __data-required__. Each one of those field with this attribute will need to have a valid input before the form can be submitted.The submit button will be disabled by default until all required fields are valid. This feature can be inactivated through the options### OptionsOptions are supplied as an object as the first argument in the initialization. Here is an example with all options with their default values:```javascript$('form').validator({    classValid: 'valid',    classInvalid: 'invalid',    classDisabled: 'disabled',    classTouched: 'touched',    classUntouched: 'untouched',    invalidDisableSubmit: true});```Just change the ones you need, and you don't need to use them all.* __classValid__: (string) The CSS class that will be set on input fields that have a valid input.* __classInvalid__: (string) The CSS class that will be set on input fields that have an invalid input.* __classTouched__: (string) The CSS class that will be set on input fields that have been changed.* __classUntouched__: (string) The CSS class that will be set on input fields that have not yet been changed.* __invalidDisableSubmit__: (boolean) if you want the submit button(s) to be disabled until all input fields are valid.### Validation rulesThere are several different rules you can apply to an input field and each one will need to be true in order for the field to be considered valid. There extra rules will also be added as attributes.#### Default (data-required)This one generally just requires the field to have a value. For normal text inputs, textareas and selects, it requires a value with length larger then 0.If you use it on a single checkbox, that checkbox needs to be checked in order for it to be valid.For multiple checkboxes or radio buttons that are grouped together by name, at least one of them must be checked in order for all of them to be considered valid._Example:_```html<input type="text" data-required>```#### Minimum lengthThe value must be at least this number of characters long._Example:_```html<input type="text" data-required data-minlength="5">```#### Maximum lengthThe value must be at maximum this number of characters long._Example:_```html<input type="text" data-required data-maxlength="5">```#### Match regexp patternThe value must match the supplied regular expression pattern. Skip the slash (/) in the beginning and the end of the regular expression._Example:_```html<input type="text" data-required data-pattern=".+\@.+\..+">```